In the last section we spoke about how we could open up a shell inside of a running container by using
Docker exec dash it and then passing in Shell or just simply S-H as the command that we want to execute.
We've been talking about all this in the context of the exact command which we can use to execute an
additional command inside of a container.
But if we wanted to, we could also run Docker, run the original Docker run command right here along
with that flag, and start up a shell immediately when a container first starts up.
Now, of course, if we start up a shell, right when the container first starts, that's going to displace
or keep any other typical or default command from running.
But sometimes it is quite useful to get a empty container with a shell inside of it and just being able
to poke around and not have any other process running.
So let's try that out right now at our command line.
I'm going to flip back over to my terminal.
I'm going to run at Docker run.
I'm going to put on the i t so that we can attach to standard in on the process that we're about to
start up.
I will run the busy box image and then the pro program or the primary command that we're going to execute
inside the container will be S-H.
So this means start up a new container out of the busy box image.
Run the S-H program, which is a shell and attached to standard in of that program.
So when I run this, I'll be presented with a command prompt.
And just like we saw a moment ago, I can run the RLS command, I can ping google.com and hit control
C to stop it.
I can echo a message whatever I want to do.
Again, this is a command that you might be using somewhat frequently any time that you want to poke
around a container.
The downside to using Docker run with it and S-H is that chances are you're not going to be running
any other process.
It's a little bit more common that you're going to want to start up your container with a primary process
of like maybe your web server or whatever it might be, and then attach to it a running shell by using
the Docker exit command, wherever it is right here.
But I just wanted you to be aware of this alternate use of Docker run.
All right.
Now, one last thing I want to cover in the next section.
So quick break and I'll see you in just a minute.